small fix of example, added validator blocks found (#12)
Joystream/founding-members: technical-help/README.md

Technical Help
===

Table of Contents
===

<!-- TOC START min:1 max:3 link:true asterisk:false update:true -->
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [Node Operators](#node-operators)
    - [Validators](#validators)
<!-- TOC END -->

## Overview

> This page will provide some technical help that be useful for gettin points and filling out your scoring summary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will provide some technical help which should be useful for filling out your scoring summary and earning points. 
```

### Node Operators

> Running a node, that is not a Validator will also earn you points, but in order for us to do so, you have to "report" to the [Joystream Telemetry](https://telemetry.joystream.org/#/Joystream) in addition to the official [Polkadot Telemetry](https://telemetry.polkadot.io). This also requires you identify yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running a node that is not a Validator will also earn you points, but in order for us to do so, you have to "report" to the [Joystream Telemetry](https://telemetry.joystream.org/#/Joystream) in addition to the official [Polkadot Telemetry](https://telemetry.polkadot.io). This also requires you identify yourself.
```

In order to that, name your node using the format `memberId-memberHandle`.
So if you are the member with id `133`, and handle `joystream` set it to `133-joystream`.

After your node is reporting to our telemetry, you will be able to get some information from it [here](https://telemetry.joystream.org/tracker/). Note that this page may see some changes going forward.

At the time of writing, you can submit data to the telemetry server in one of two ways. Using a [flag](#flags), or manually updating the [chain-spec file](#chain-spec-file) (note that we will update the chain spec file in the future, so this may not be necessary anymore).

#### Flags
Add the following two flags when (re-)starting your node:
```
--telemetry-url "wss://telemetry.joystream.org/submit 0" --telemetry-url "wss://telemetry.polkadot.io/submit/ 0"
```

> Note that the latter (polkadot) is already on by default, but by adding just the first one (joystream) will override the settings and disable polkadots telemetry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the latter (Polkadot) is already on by default, but by adding just the first one (Joystream) will override the settings and disable Polkadot's telemetry.
```
